Fix #17182 - FK Relationship View constraint name natural ordering (#19331)
phpmyadmin/phpmyadmin: docs/config.rst

    :type: boolean
    :default: true

    Sorts database, table names and foreign key constaint according to natural order (for
    example, t1, t2, t10). Currently implemented in the navigation panel,

>     in Database view for the table list and Relation view for list of Foreign key constraints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    in Database view for the table list and Relation view while listing Foreign key constraints.
```
